---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
I am a Research Data Analyst in the [Scripps Acoustic Ecology Lab](http://baumann.ucsd.edu/) at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. My current research focuses on using MATLAB to analyze passive and acoustic array data to understand the spatiotemporal patterns of baleen whales and toothed whales.

My passion for marine mammal ecology and physics has allowed me excel in the interdisciplinary world of marine bioacoustics. Just by dipping an underwater microphone (aka hydrophone) in the ocean, I am able to study the seasonal distribution, movement, and foraging patterns of cetaceans. However, hydrophones pick up  the other noises in the ocean too. This not only includes the natural ocean sounds like other marine animals, crashing waves, earthquakes, and rain, but also all the anthropogenic loud noises generated by large cargo ships and explosive oil surveys. This information can help me understand how cetaceans alter their feeding and mating behavior to their increasingly noisy environment. In turn, this largely unnoticed disturbance in the ocean soundscape can be spread to the general public, with which further conservation and management efforts of cetaceans can be implemented.

Science issues like this is what wants me to tell everybody! I strongly believe that NO ONE should be excluded from science. While I lived in Santa Barbara, I volunteered at a bunch of outreach programs to inform the public-- especially elementary and middle school children of marginalized and underrepresented backgrounds-- on not just how fascinating science is, but also that they shouldn't "leave this stuff up to the experts" because this affects everybody.

When I'm not wrestling with MATLAB, you can catch me snorkeling, doing yoga, or country line dancing.
